[Video](https://www.magnuswittrup.com/user_centered_design/images/preview.mp4)

# Project Description
Our overall focus is helping entrepreneurs who are new to the field. That is why we have chosen to develop a platform that can connect new entrepreneurs based on their competencies, skills and knowledge. This platform makes it possible to ‘match’ up with other entrepreneurs, where you can mutually compliment each other with the respective competencies you possess.

The concept is about swiping either to the right, if it’s a person you can help + achieve help from, or to the left if the person is not usable in relation to your problems, or what you can contribute with. Overall, it is about collaborating with like-minded people and benefitting from each other’s competencies, so you thereby can move on from an issue you are dealing with. This platform must be able to connect entrepreneurs, as it is a field that often consists of a single person (especially in the start-up), so we will contribute to this ‘loneliness’ by creating a network that can be useful on their entrepreneurial journey.
What problem/potential does it address?

As an entrepreneur or as an individual in a small business, you have to deal with the procedure yourself, but it’s not all things you are equally good at. There are many things associated with running a business - production, marketing, accounting, laws that must be complied and so on. It is all something that must be solved by one individual. Therefore, we have investigated whether there are any challenges, where professional (or social) back-and-forth and competent feedback with other new entrepreneurs in the same situation, could help you feel connected in a time where everything is digitized.
What we found out from our field studies was that there is a problem with gaining proper digital peer feedback, because it does not work optimally in Facebook groups e.g.. The different posts drowned in each other, so many of the posts would not be seen. Those who are seen are often tried to be sold something instead of getting support. We could therefore see that there is a desire to get peer feedback and get in touch with other entrepreneurs - both to get professional help but also on a personal level.

### What were the main insights from the process?
There were a lot of important insights during the process. Before our workshop, we already had an idea about how our future concepts should be, however, these ideas changed due to the workshop and the inputs generated by the participants. The idea for a Tinder-like application/platform was aired by one of the workshops participants. The purpose of this application/platform was to connect inexperienced entrepreneurs via this platform, in which they, among other things, can share knowledge, motivate and seek sparring with each other.

In addition, we have found out how useful it has been to involve users in the design process. We have gained a lot of inputs, information and ideas by practicing participatory design in our domain, and they have been a big factor in how our final product has developed.

### How have users/stakeholders responded to it?
Before they saw the prototype, they did not have “high” expectations for the prototype since we told them at the last workshop that the goal of the prototype is its functionality and not a finished product. However, based on the previous workshop, they still had some expectations for the design concept including the swipe function and how it worked. They liked the design concept and they thought it was functional and usable which is positive. Since it is a functional prototype, it lacks a number of functions and features before it looks like a more finished product, and they were also aware of that. Despite that, they gave us feedback on everything they thought was good and bad, and that was really helpful for the future development of the application.

---

# Prototype Presentation
## The Authentication Component
When the user first opens the application they will need to do one of two things: sign in or sign up a new user. These two steps can be switched by pressing the button on the bottom of the screen.

### Sign-In
When the user wants to sign in, they simply need to sign in using their email and password. If the email and password is validated the user, will be lead to the main component.

### Sign-Up
If the user is signing up, they will first need to input a desired email address, along with a password. The next step needs the user to input first and last name, date of birth and gender. When this information is filled in correctly, the user can advance to the last step in the registration process. On the last step the user needs to fill in a short text describing what topics they are searching for, along with a short text describing what they can offer other users in a partnership.

When the user registration is complete they will be directed to the main component.
[AuthenticationComponent](https://www.magnuswittrup.com/user_centered_design/images/Authentication_Wireflow_Website.svg)

---

## The Main Component
The first view in the main component of the application, is the matching functionality. Here users can see the profiles of other users, as well as interact with these profiles. The interaction possibilities are as follows; pressing either of the accept or decline buttons on the bottom of the profiles, or by swiping the profile left or right. If the user wants to decline the profile, they have to swipe the profile to the left, likewise if they want to accept the profile, they swipe it to the right.

If both users have accepted each other, they will now be allowed to interact with one another, this is done in the “messages” tab. Here they can see all the users they matched with, including the users they have already interacted with. If they wish to interact with one of the users, they simply click on card representing another user, and they will be directed to a view of their messages to one another.
The last tab on the navigation bar, holds the settings, where the user will be able to sign out of the application as well as edit their own profile.

[MainComponent](https://www.magnuswittrup.com/user_centered_design/images/Main_Wireflow_Website.svg)
